--- 
title: "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)"
sidebar_label: 'FAQ'
---

### 1. What law sources are included?

Our database contains over 10 million US cases, sourced from one of the most comprehensive repositories of US case law. It covers most cases from major state and federal courts, including the Supreme Court and Appellate Courts.

For legislation and regulation, we provide access to the latest US Code, the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), and the equivalent legislative and regulatory codes for all 52 states.

In the coming months, we will add automated daily case law updates so that users will always have access to the most up-to-date law at their fingertips.

### 2. Is my data confidential?

Yes, we take your privacy very seriously. We will never share your data with anyone. For more information, please review our [privacy policy](https://www.lawme.ai/policies/privacy).

### 3. What can I do with a workflow?

Every team is unique, and so are their workflows.

Our workflows are designed to give you full control, allowing you to configure the business processes to meet your needs without requiring any technical expertise. With workflows, you can tap into leading AI models, pre-built drafting tools, research capabilities, and decision logic.

Examples of what you can achieve with workflows:
- Prepare a legal brief for a trademark application
- Automate the client onboarding process
- Draft a contract clause
- Generate a detailed research essay on a legal topic
- Evaluate whether a client is likely eligible for a migration visa

### 4. Are you providing legal advice?

Absolutely not!

Our goal is to use AI to connect users with the law and help democratise access to legal information. We aim to make lawyers' jobs easier by automating workflows, not by offering legal advice or acting as a law firm.

If you are not a legal professional, please seek legal advice before using any output generated by our AI. For more information, please see our [terms of service](https://www.lawme.ai/policies/terms-of-use).

### 5. How accurate are your results?

Our AI is built on an extensive corpus of legal information, allowing it to educate itself on the task at hand and fact-check its work, reducing the likelihood of generating incorrect information or 'hallucinating'—a known limitation of modern AI.

However, the AI is not perfect and can sometimes make mistakes. That’s why we provide detailed citations so you can quickly verify the AI's outputs. We are continuously working to improve our AI and welcome your feedback. If you have any suggestions, please [get in touch](mailto:contact@lawme.ai).

### 6. How can I get support?

Paid users can reach our support team via email at [support@lawme.ai](mailto:support@lawme.ai) or join our Discord group for assistance.

Free users can also access support via our Discord group.

